Delete `/parquet-and-dataset-info` endpoint (#1488)
huggingface/datasets-server: services/worker/README.md

# Datasets server - worker

> > Workers that pre-computes and caches the response to /splits, /first-rows, /parquet, /info and /size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Workers that pre-compute and cache the response to /splits, /first-rows, /parquet, /info and /size.
```
